In this lecture, we'll test the do get method to do that, change this test method to do get , to
keep it simple hit control D , to get rid of that line, that method.
under  test is new.
Coupon, servelet  dot do get this guy takes the request and response and he throws an exception, if
you point the cursor, it will say it needs to handle exceptional hit control.
One Add a throws  declaration Servelet exception  IO exception.
But how do we assert or verify the results that come back from this do get method?
Go to the servlet, look at the code, it has  single line of code where it gets the response dot writer  out
of the response.
So this piece here is given by Apache  Tomcat or any server on which our application is run the writer
object and then it writes to the Web browser.
So we need to mock  this guy out and response dot get writer  is invoked.
We need to pass in our own mocked out.
writer
So we are going to use the mockitos  when class  you can add that import uptop  import org  or static.
The static imports org dot  Mockito, dot.
The mockito  class.
Dot.
star and  all of them save it  right now, go here, create a new string writer
Assign this to a local variable.
From Java IO hit  control one  assign  statement to a new local variable next, create a new print writer  print
writer   this print writer can take any kind of writer  passing the string right there to that constructor.
Assigned this by hitting control one import and then assign it to a new local variable as well, use
Mockitos  one class when  function response dot get writer  is invoked, then return our own writer  object,
then return the print writer , which we have just created up top.
Now we can assert, assert  equals within brackets.
Super sale of all capital.
Super sale is what I am expecting.
Comma on the string.
writer , which we have created uptop.
String writer dot two string.
So since we are passing our own print writer  here, this print writer internally uses the string writer
and when they do get together, this line is executed.
Whatever writer we are passing in that will hold this data.
The printer writer  write the data into the string writer  instead of going against the browser.
And this super sale will be present inside the string writer
That is what we are asserting  for.
Right.
Click just run this test so you can select the test.
Click on it.
Run  as Junit test and it's all green, it only runs that particular test.
As you can see, our test passed successfully.
So it's that simple to test the servelet  code by mocking out whatever the Tomcat container does in this
case, the request, the response, and then the print writer object.
And then you have asserted for the results.